new resource `azurerm_stream_analytics_output_synapse` (#14013)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/stream_analytics_output_synapse.html.markdown

* `name` - (Required) The name of the Stream Output. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `resource_group_name` - (Required) The name of the Resource Group where the Stream Analytics Job exists. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `stream_analytics_job_name` - (Required) The name of the Stream Analytics Job. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `server` - (Required) The name of the SQL server containing the Azure SQL database. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `database` - (Required) The name of the Azure SQL database. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `user` - (Required) The user name that will be used to connect to the Azure SQL database. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `password` - (Required) The password that will be used to connect to the Azure SQL database. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `table` - (Required) The name of the table in the Azure SQL database. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

> * `id` - The ID of the Stream Analytics Output Microsoft SQL Server Database.

Reviewer: Wondering whether this should actually be
```suggestion
* `id` - The ID of the Stream Analytics Output Azure Synapse Workspace.
```
